Date: 04/24/2018
Time: 1:00pm. to 2:00pm
Github issue: #11 #72 #73

present:

	Xuanyu Dong (Shawn)
	Ira Chan
	Matt Carapella 
	Amiya Debnath   
	Meng Chun Hsieh (Peter) 
  
absence: 
  
  N/A
  
Summary:

disscussed how more feature, model label feature(model wanted, model display, model open, model sale).
  
What each team member accomplished since last meeting:

Shawn: adjust movemnet speed of player in the World. 
Ira: worked on model select, implemented help scene, scene switch bug fixes, item bar naming
Matt: added asset bundles for players and added many more assets for users
Amiya: Finished writing the script for adding objects in the world and setting up the database for it
Peter: organize Ground setting

What each team member will accomplish before next meeting: 

Shawn: implement different control mode for player and apply gravity to player, sketch the model label system. #72 #73
Ira: model select attaching model choice to player #11
Matt: VR implementation
Amiya: Fix some the bugs on version 0.3.1 has and add the FTP client in the project
Peter: puting new ground option and fix sun setting
